Document creating skills and workflows from Agent Chat (#7539)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/ai-features/agent-builder/custom-skills.md

::::{step} Add the skill to an agent

Custom skills in your library are not available to your agents until you explicitly add them. To add a skill, go to **Customize → Skills** on the agent you want to configure and select **Add skills**. From here you can:

> - **Import from skill library**: Select an existing skill from **Manage components → Skills**. After importing, make sure the skill is toggled on in the agent's skill list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Import from skill library**: Select an existing skill from **Manage components → Skills**. After importing, make sure the skill is turned on in the agent's skill list.
```

Author: Addressed in d054a9824. Changed the wording to turned on. Thanks!

- [List skills]({{kib-apis}}operation/operation-get-agent-builder-skills) `GET /api/agent_builder/skills`
- [Create a skill]({{kib-apis}}operation/operation-post-agent-builder-skills) `POST /api/agent_builder/skills`
- [Get a skill by ID]({{kib-apis}}operation/operation-get-agent-builder-skills-skillid) `GET /api/agent_builder/skills/{skillId}`
- [Update a skill]({{kib-apis}}operation/operation-put-agent-builder-skills-skillid) `PUT /api/agent_builder/skills/{skillId}`
- [Delete a skill]({{kib-apis}}operation/operation-delete-agent-builder-skills-skillid) `DELETE /api/agent_builder/skills/{skillId}`

### Create a skill from Agent Chat [create-a-skill-from-chat]

```{applies_to}
stack: ga 9.5+
serverless: ga
```

Open a conversation with any agent and ask it to create a skill. For example, "Create a skill that triages production alerts using our incident runbook." The agent asks clarifying questions when it needs more information, then presents the generated skill as a draft.

> Review the description, instructions, associated tools, and references, and ask for any changes. When the draft is ready, select **Create skill**. The skill is not added to your library until you confirm this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review the description, instructions, associated tools, and references, and ask the agent to edit anything that needs changing. When the draft is ready, select **Create skill**. The skill is not added to your library until you select **Create skill**.
```

Author: Addressed in d054a9824. Applied the suggested review and confirmation wording. Thanks!
